1. Computers understand only binary language since the internal RAM memory device of a computer has a series of capacitors, each of which can be in one of 2 distinct states, either full of charge or empty.
  This means that every bit of information the computer stores in memory at a time is stored as a sequence of empty and full charges which can be abstracted as a sequence of binary digits i.e. 0s and 1s.

2. The full form of IDE is "Integrated Development Environment".

3. The difference between a text editor and a code editor id the following.
  A text editor just allows the user to type in text and store it as a text file.
  A code editor not only performs the function of a text editor, but it also includes features to help the user type code in some programming language.

4. To create software using the C language the basic steps are the following.
  First, the user must create a source file or files written and formatted in the C language (with extension ".c")
  Then the user must build the source file or files into an executable file by compiling them using a C compiler e.g. gcc.

5. Upon exploration on the internet the following answers have been found:
    a. As of June 2022, the latest version of C language is C17.
    
    b. C language was developed in 1972 by Dennis Ritchie, an employee of AT&T in USA.
    
    c. The difference between system software and application software is the following.
      System software deals with management of the computer hardware resources like memory, processors and drivers. As such, it is what makes up the operating system on the computer.
      Application software can be installed on top of the system software to run specific programs for the user to make use of. It depends on the system software to operate.
      
    d. Coverting a decimal number to binary format can be done using the following procedure.
      Take the decimal number and divide it by 2 to produce a quotient and remainder.
      Write down the remainder as the first digit (unit digit) of the binary number.
      Note that this remainder can either be 0 or 1 since you are dividing by 2.
      Now perform the same division by 2 for the quotient obtained in the previous step, and get a new remainder.
      Write down the new remainder to the left of the previous remainder in the binary number.
      Perform this procedure for every successive new quotient and add the corresponding remainder to the left of the binary number in order until the quotient is 0.
      Now the binary number is complete.
